Copyright (c) 2015 Adafruit Industries

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"),
to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation
the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense,
and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL
THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Additional notes:

Since we're asked pretty often: yes, you may use this code (as well as the
Adafruit DotStar library) in your product / Kickstarter campaign / etc.
provided the license terms are followed.  Please understand the "fitness"
and "as-is" aspects -- that your use of this code does not entitle a first-
in-line response to bugs, explanations or documentation, feature requests,
etc. before or after your product ships.

We ask also that you not use the name "DotStar" (an Adafruit trademark) in
your product name or campaign -- please use the generic name "APA102" when
referring to the addressable LEDs.  Similarly, be mindful of Flowtoys'
trademarks in this field (though not involved in this software, references
to their components are made in the corresponding Adafruit Learning System
guide).

In short: include attribution/license in distributed code, test a lot, know
enough C to solve problems, stay clear of trademarks and everything's cool.
Enjoy!  We look forward to seeing what you make of it!
